This is the modern Fortran (2003/2008) implementation of my well-test
simulator.  It performs numerical Laplace-Hankel inversion,
implementing the the main unconfined approaches still in use today.

This code is a command-line utility, which reads a text input file and
writes a text datafile, formatted for simple plotting using available
software obtained elsewhere (e.g., MS-Excel, Matplotlib, or gnuplot).
The code is accurate and relatively fast, using OpenMP to execute in
parallel on a multi-processor computer.


The solutions implemented include:
------------------------------------------
1) Mishra & Neuman (2009) : Unsaturated/saturated flow to a partially
penetrating well.

2) Malama (2011) : Alternative linearization of the
moving water table boundary condition.  Basically an improvement on
Neuman (1974).

3) Moench (2001,1995) : The hybrid water table boundary condition of Moench
(1995), but including the multiple delayed yield (α) coefficients, as
used in the large Cape Cod, Massachusetts pumping test in USGS Water
Supply Paper 1629.

4) Neuman (1974,1972) : The standard moving water table solution used
by most hydrologists for well-test interpretation.

5) Hantush (1961) : The confined solution which includes the effects
of partial penetration, but using a three-layer approach of Malama
(2011), rather than the typical finite cosine transform.

6) Theis (1935) : The confined fully penetrating solution, which all
other solutions build upon.

The code is distributed as a collection of Fortran source files and a
makefile.  On Linux/Unix/Mac platforms this is trivial to turn into a
command-line program, by simply typing

make

On MS-Windows, you will either need to use Cygwin to create a
Linux-like environment to build in, you will have to use mingw to
compile at the windows command prompt, or you will have to use a native
windows compiler like the Intel Fortran compiler (which is known to
work with my code).  If you are interested in using the program in
Windows, but do not feel up to the task of compiling it yourself, let
me know and I can probably provide you with an executable.

Kris Kuhlman (klkuhlm@sandia.gov)
March, 2012

